---
layout: post
title:  "Where To Learn Internet Marketing For Beginners"
date:   2016-01-11 17:01:26
categories: jekyll update
---
## Where To Learn Internet Marketing for Beginners

# My Top Resources That Actually Bring Value

If you’re like me and you’ve been considering scratching that career-switching itch, or maybe you’re a business owner that needs to up your Internet Marketing game, chances are you’ve probably been overwhelmed with how much content is out there in terms of learning how to effectively market online. But not only that, what resources will actually translate into gaining valuable knowledge? Fear not my friends! I’ve already trudged through the muck and am ready to share what I believe to be the best resources to get you started.

### 1. [Inbound Certification Course](http://academy.hubspot.com/inbound-certification)

   by Hubspot

There is a reason why I recommended this course first. It absolutely gives anyone who takes it the fundamentals of Inbound Marketing and starts you off on the right foot. Subjects like Buyer’s Personas, Methodologies and Strategy Creation are well covered. They make it easy to digest the content and provide enticing visuals to really drive home the concepts. Not to mention you get you a nice certificate that you can put on your resume if you pass their test.

### 2. Jab, Jab, Jab, Right Hook

   by Gary Vaynerchuck

Gary Vaynerchuk is a Social Media Master who truly understand user-psychology and how that can be leveraged for business. He wrote this book (which I consider to be a Social Media Holy Book) in which he likens Social Media Marketing to Boxing. As a huge fight fan I can really appreciate the metaphor. What made this book so valuable was how prescriptive and non-alluding the book is. There were no broad generalizations, nor fluff. He even goes through case studies from big companies to better convey what he’s talking about. If you want to get a handle on your social media, buy this book and never look back.

### 3. Netmark.com (Periscope)

   by Netmark.com

First off, if you haven’t gotten on Periscope now is the perfect time to do so. Bruce Greggory Peck is the host of a daily broadcast where he goes over different Internet Marketing topics. He is always willing to answer questions that people have and even makes whole broadcasts based on the audience’s inquiries. Very often he is accompanied by an expert in a specific field such as SEO, AdWords, etc. to better answer and explain topics. This is a perfect resource to go to when you’re a business owner and need a good direction to go in. The broadcast occurs around 11am MST. So be there or be a rectangle!

### 4. Learn SEO and Search Marketing

   by Moz.com

Moz.com is what I would call an oasis in the very “over-fluffed” desert that is learning SEO. This website is PACKED full of amazing guides and videos to help anyone get started. The design is friendly and they even give you downloadable PDF versions of their guides to learn offline.

### 5. Social Media Marketing — The Complete Certificate (Udemy)

   by Calum Brannan, SO ME Academy

There are a lot Udemy courses that are filled with with fluff, broad generalizations, and poorly supported question boards that leave students unanswered, but not this is not one of them. This course has really good insights on how to socially market a business and superb resources such as auditing templates for clients, case studies, and much more. You also get access to their friendly Facebook group where you can ask questions and get input for different ideas and a neat certificate and badge that you can proudly display on your website and/or LinkedIn.

### 6. User-Experience (UX) Design For Engagement (Udemy)

   by Susan Weinschenk

Another Udemy gem, this course takes you into the mind of your consumers. If you’re going to be in the marketing game it’s a non-negotiable fact that you need understand human behavior and how to optimize your websites for it. Throughout the course Susan maps out behaviors and how we as marketers can leverage those. The subjects of this course are not for just UX Design but can also be transposed into principles that can be used for other mediums and facets of Internet Marketing.
Never Stop Learning.

These resources are a great start but it’s not the only means to an end. In fact, there is no end. There are many more subjects that you need to be aquatinted with and probably some that you noticed I didn’t talk about. The thing is you never stop learning and I like it that way. There is a vast sea of information out there and taking courses, reading books, and going along with guides can only get you so far. Now it’s time to go and do. Like myself, I challenge anyone who is striving to become a professional or boost their online efforts, to take the new year and really put work into achieving your goals. In the words of Shia Lebeouf: “JUST DO IT”.
